[docs][expo-notifications] Additional APNs setup (#36832)
expo/expo: docs/pages/push-notifications/sending-notifications-custom.mdx

Communicating with APNs is a little more complicated than with FCM. Some libraries wrap all of this functionality into one or two function calls such as [`node-apn`](https://github.com/node-apn/node-apn). However, in the examples below, a minimum set of libraries are used.

### Client APNs entitlement

The steps below will only work if your iOS app has the APNs entitlement. There are two ways to ensure that this entitlement is added to your app:

> - If the app includes the `expo-notifications` package, then the entitlement is added automatically in the Expo configuration.

Reviewer: This is at odds with what says the issue which this PR is aiming to close, isn't it?

Or maybe I don't understand this.

Author: I've rewritten this to make all the requirements clear.

> - If you are not using the `expo-notifications` package, then you should [add the `apns-environment` entitlement manually to the Expo configuration](/build-reference/ios-capabilities/#entitlements).

Reviewer: Maybe also link to https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/config/app/#entitlements which explains how to add the entitlement.

> For apps using [CNG](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/), the prebuild step will automatically add the entitlement to the generated native iOS files.

Reviewer: Same as my first comment, this doesn't seem to be true? I mean - expo-notifications config plugin needs to be present in app config for this to happen? 🤔

Author: I’ll reword this so that the idea is more clear.

Communicating with APNs is a little more complicated than with FCM. Some libraries wrap all of this functionality into one or two function calls such as [`node-apn`](https://github.com/node-apn/node-apn). However, in the examples below, a minimum set of libraries are used.

### Client APNs entitlement

> The steps below will only work if your iOS app has the APNs entitlement. For apps using [CNG](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receiving push notifications will only work if your iOS app has the APNs entitlement. For apps using [CNG](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/),
```

the Expo config needs to be modified in one of two ways:

- **Recommended**: Add the `expo-notifications` library to your app, and ensure that its plugin appears in the `plugins` array of your [app config](/workflow/configuration/):

```json app.json
{
  "expo": {
    /* @hide ... */ /* @end */ "plugins": [/* @hide ... */ /* @end */ "expo-notifications"]
  }
}
```

- If you do not plan to use the `expo-notifications` library, then you should [add the `aps-environment` entitlement manually to the Expo configuration](/build-reference/ios-capabilities/#entitlements),
  as in the example below:

```json app.json
{
  "expo": {
    /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
    "ios": {
      /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
      "entitlements": {

>         "aps-environment": "development"

Reviewer 2: Is it always development, regardless of the build type?

Reviewer: I believe that xcode will automatically handle this (switch to `production`) when building for release

Communicating with APNs is a little more complicated than with FCM. Some libraries wrap all of this functionality into one or two function calls such as [`node-apn`](https://github.com/node-apn/node-apn). However, in the examples below, a minimum set of libraries are used.

### Client APNs entitlement

The steps below will only work if your iOS app has the APNs entitlement. For apps using [CNG](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/),
the Expo config needs to be modified in one of two ways:

> - **Recommended**: Add the `expo-notifications` library to your app, and ensure that its plugin appears in the `plugins` array of your `app.json` or `app.config.js`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Recommended**: Add the `expo-notifications` library to your app, and ensure that its plugin appears in the `plugins` array of your [app config](/workflow/configuration/):
```

A dynamic app config can use typescript too. As per [app config guidelines from writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#referencing-appjsonappconfigjsonappconfigjsappconfigts), let's just say app config.
